See the sights of Western Australia

The beautiful beaches, stunning sunsets and enchanting forrests and wineries of the South West, make Western Australia a must-see destination. Grab a TransPerth SmartRider, and ride the buses, train and ferry to discover the sights of Perth.

(Insert image)

One of the best ways to get familiar with the city is to visit the Western Australian Visitor Center . The Western Australian Visitor Centre is located in the centre of Perth. It is a one stop shop for travel information, souvenirs and offers a free tours and accommodation booking service for all of Western Australia.

Perth is an urban oasis among the spectacular beauty of Western Australia - and that's why the locals love it. Stunning beaches, al fresco breweries, wineries, epic events all at our doorstep.

(Insert image)

Rottnest Island has spectacular, turquoise waters, an abundance of outdoor activities and the cutest marsupials.

Rottnest is the perfect place to visit for a day trip or stay for a couple of days. Check out the best things to do on the island (besides capturing the best quokka selfie).

A trip to Rottnest Island is an unforgettable experience.


Tourist Information

There's no shortage of information about what to see while in Western Australia. The Western Australian Visitor Information Center is the official travel and visitors' guide to the city.

Among the many unofficial sites, the Lonely Planet guide to Perth is packed with useful information.


Sightseeing Tours

One way to see the city is on an Hop-on-Hop-off open-top bus, a hop-on, hop-off service that offers either prerecorded or live commentary. The route travels through the city centre, giving stunning views across the city.

If you're feeling more energetic, several companies offer bicycle rentals, walking tours and even helicopter rides. You can even take a river cruise up the Swan River to visit a couple of wineries.

And for something completely different!... Why not climb Perth's Matagarup Bridge and zip line to the bottom!
